Fix IPsec tunnel issues (#423)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/architecture.md

`ovs-monitor-ipsec` can detect the tunnel and create IPsec Security Policies
with PSK for the remote Node, and strongSwan can create the IPsec Security
Associations based on the Security Policies. These additional tunnel ports are
not used to send traffic to a remote Node - the tunnel traffic is still output
to the default tunnel port (`tun0`) with OVS flow based tunneling. However, the

> traffic received from a remote Node will be input from the Node' IPsec tunnel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
traffic from a remote Node will be received on the Node's IPsec tunnel
```

Author: Done.
